ESFTP - an Eclipse plug-in to allow file transfer to and from SFTP servers
http://esftp.sourceforge.net
Author: Christopher Alexander Thomas
Email: chris.alex.thomas@gmail.com

ABSTRACT
Esftp is an Eclipse plug-in to transfer files to and from SFTP servers, it uses the SFTP protocol to transfer the files.
Internally, it uses the JSSH2 and JSch library, which you can find at 

http://sourceforge.net/projects/sshtools

and

http://sourceforge.net/projects/jsch

SFTP site preferences are available on a workbench or project level, if you want an entire workbench of projects 
to go to the site SFTP site, then this can happen using inherited preferences.  File transfer to and from the server
are possible.

To operate, click the files you wish to transfer, right click one of them and select the ESFTP option, then either
GET or PUT the files and ESftp will look through the projects the files are associated with and upload/download
those files to the servers that are configured

The only problem I can see, is when a project contains meta-infomation, where the actual files are marked up
to display nice little java packages.  This isnt something I know about so it's not something I can do yet.
PHP people are going to be happy, Java programmers, help me to help you, if you know how to do this, tell me
I'll implement it and you can have it.

INSTALL
1.	Download esftp.zip and esftp-lib.zip from sourceforge.net or wherever you got it from
2.	Open the zip file with your favourite tool or utility that can extract zip files.
3.	unzip the contents into the eclipse directory, you'll notice that inside the zip, is a folder called "plugins"
	this matches inside the eclipse directory, you also have a folder called "plugins"
4.	Open the plugins directory and locate the org.kmem.kosh.sftp_<versionnum> directory, open it
5.	Open the esftp-lib.zip file and extract the "lib" directory, INTO that folder you just opened
	This will install the necessary libraries for esftp to run
	
once these files are extracted into the appropriate directories, the plugin will appear:

eclipse/plugins/org.kmem.kosh.sftp_<versionnum>

example:	eclipse/plugins/org.kmem.kosh.sftp_1.0.0

6.	run eclipse with the -clean command line option, to make sure the plugin correctly becomes identified in eclipse
7.	verify eclipse has the plugin, open the window menu and select preferences
	look in the options given, do you see "ESftp" if so, click that option, you should get a page where you
	can enter Secure FTP details about where you want files to transfer to.

if this was successful, you now have the plugin installed correctly.	Otherwise, email me
	
WHY IS ESFTP SEPARATE FROM IT'S LIBRARIES:

I found that the libraries for esftp are 2MB compressed, so what I did was realise that the libraries
are updated very slowly, whilst the codebase for esftp updates very quickly, so I created a new download
called esftp-lib which incorporates all the libraries separate from the esftp plugin.   Which means every new plugin
version I make, it only means a 100KB download, which is a big saving for many bandwidth limited people.

HOW DO I KNOW WHICH ESFTP-LIB TO DOWNLOAD:

They are labelled after their respective releases, for example, the first version of this "new idea" was 1.0.5
so you have a file release called 1.0.5 and you'll notice two files

esftp-1.0.5.zip
esftp-lib-1.0.5+.zip

the 1.0.5+ means, this library file, goes with any esftp version, above 1.0.5, hence the + after it.

Maybe I update the plugin, but the libraries stay the same, this means I release ONLY the plugin, hence:

esftp-1.0.8.zip

which library do you use? well, the last library release before this was 1.0.5+, which as you have now figured out
is the version of the library to use with 1.0.8 AS WELL (esftp-lib-1.0.5+.zip)

At some point, I might update the libraries, which means say I release these files - 

esftp.1.1.0.zip
esftp-lib-1.1.0+.zip

What this means, is that to use 1.1.0, you need the libraries as well, but what this also means, is that esftp-lib-1.0.5+.zip
WILL NOT WORK with 1.1.0, since it's been superceeded by esftp-lib-1.1.0.zip

I HOPE! this all works out the way I think it should and I hope you all find these instructions useful in fixing issues you have

COMMON INSTALLATION PROBLEMS
1.	You have esftp and esftp installed, you goto install a new esftp version, but it doesnt require a new esftp-lib installation 
	cause it can use the one from the previous version, you delete the plugin directory and install the new esftp.  Not realising
	that you've just deleted the esftp-lib files.  When you goto run esftp now, it'll "do nothing" which is what happens when
	you try to run esftp without a esftp-lib package installed.
	
	RESOLUTION: Install the esftp-lib again, or don't delete the main directory and just delete/overwrite the files necessary

LICENSE
ESFTP is released under the LGPL
If you didn't received a copy of the license with the software (inside the file called LICENCE)
you can obtain one at:

http://www.opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.php
http://www.opensource.org/licenses/eclipse-1.0.txt

FEATURES
- You can define workbench defaults or per project SFTP site details
- It can use Java Secure Channel as a Java SSH2 protocol implementation (http://www.jcraft.com/jsch/)
- Later versions rely on the better JSSH2 api (http://sourceforge.net/project/sshtools)
- Allows transfer of recurse directories and create empty directory configuration
- Optional timeout allows you to configure for slow connecting hosts (like the test box I used, 486DX2/66)
- Optimises the selected files/folders to a final set of transfer items, pruning out unnecessary items

FUTURE (Current TODO list)
1.	Passwords are ALWAYS saved, regardless of sftp option status
2.	No window appears or has been made to allow user to enter a password when save is disabled
3.	Upon querying a remote server for items, those which don't exist, should be pruned from the file list
4.	The workbench should refresh before scanning local items to make the file list 
	(same is true when retrieving files from remote server)
5.	Option of HASHING the transferred files, to prune out identical files from the file list early
	(maybe too intensive/cpu hogging to implement hashing every file you transfer)
6.	the ESFTP options do not have a browse button for the site root 
	(would require also connecting to the site root and obtaining file system data to display/choose from)

BUGS AND LIMITATIONS
- Eclipse opens java projects with some markup of the actual file data, so it puts nice package icons which 
	are not as straight forward to operate as normal files/folders (HELP ME)

CONTRIBUTE TO ESFTP
If you want to help, you can come to sourceforge and help out in any way you can.
http://esftp.sourceforge.net
http://sourceforge.net/projects/esftp

please help in any way you can
